README.md, before:

# Tweeter Project

Tweeter is a simple, single-page Twitter clone.

This project implements HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery and AJAX on the front-end, and Node with Express on the back-end. A smooth responsive design is implemented on the front-end with a mobile first approach.

## Getting Started

1. [Create](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) a new repository using this repository as a template.
2. Clone your repository onto your local device.
3. Install dependencies using the `npm install` command.
4. Start the web server using the `npm run local` command. The app will be served at <http://localhost:8080/>.
5. Go to <http://localhost:8080/> in your browser.

## Dependencies

- Express
- Node 5.10.x or above

## Screenshots

!["Screenshot of desktop layout"](https://github.com/ascotlan/my-tweeter/blob/master/docs/desktop.png)

!["Screenshot of tablet layout"](https://github.com/ascotlan/my-tweeter/blob/master/docs/tablet.png)

!["Screenshot in tablet view, scrolling through the tweets"](https://github.com/ascotlan/my-tweeter/blob/master/docs/tablet-scroll.png)

Commit message:

Updated the README file with screenshot captions

README.md, after:

# Tweeter Project

Tweeter is a simple, single-page Twitter clone.

This project implements HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery and AJAX on the front-end, and Node with Express on the back-end. A smooth responsive design is implemented on the front-end with a mobile first approach.

## Getting Started

1. [Create](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) a new repository using this repository as a template.
2. Clone your repository onto your local device.
3. Install dependencies using the `npm install` command.
4. Start the web server using the `npm run local` command. The app will be served at <http://localhost:8080/>.
5. Go to <http://localhost:8080/> in your browser.

## Dependencies

- Express
- Node 5.10.x or above

## Screenshots

#### Screenshot of desktop layout

!["Screenshot of desktop layout"](https://github.com/ascotlan/my-tweeter/blob/master/docs/desktop.png)

#### Screenshot of tablet layout

!["Screenshot of tablet layout"](https://github.com/ascotlan/my-tweeter/blob/master/docs/tablet.png)

#### Screenshot in tablet view as user scrolls through the tweets

!["Screenshot in tablet view, scrolling through the tweets"](https://github.com/ascotlan/my-tweeter/blob/master/docs/tablet-scroll.png)
